okay this is razer's brand new laptop
the razer book
13. it's not a razer blade it's not a
stealth it's the razer book and what
makes it special
is that this is well it's the thinnest
and the lightest and possibly the least
expensive laptop that razer's ever
brought to market
and it's aimed at a completely different
type of segment right normally they make
gaming laptops that are
pretty powerful this is aimed more for
like the
productivity segment it's good for
professionals good for students
it's good for anyone who's looking for a
laptop with premium build quality so
it's meant to compete with stuff like
the xps 13
and macbooks and basically any kind of
the premium ultrabook that's out there
so let's just get into this thing in
terms of its size
it's very similar in size to the xps 13.
like the
footprint of it is almost identical but
we'll get into kind of a more detailed
comparison to that in a little bit
but compared to the razer blade stealth
so this is razer's
kind of thin and light gaming laptop
right now
it's about 10 smaller so nothing massive
but it is a noticeable shrink both in
footprint and in weight of device and it
comes in this
sweet silvery white color i think they
call it mercury and the best part of
this colorway is that when you pop it
open
can you see that white keyboard with the
chroma shining through it
that's a look now when it's closed the
aluminum top
and bottom panels kind of sandwich this
plastic trim
right in the middle and this trim is the
trim that goes around
the screen normally on a razer blade
laptop it's aluminum the whole way
around
but they have implemented this plastic
trim it doesn't look bad though like it
doesn't
feel bad it's like a very hard plastic
and when it's closed
it still looks really nice the back side
is a little bit different there's a gap
as well as this large rubber strip that
runs along the length
of the back of the laptop and its
purpose if you haven't guessed at this
point is that when you lift
the screen the keyboard pops up and this
is a mechanism we've seen on other
devices like
other laptops made from other companies
but this is the first time we've seen it
on a razer device
and it serves two purposes one it lifts
the laptop a little bit to give some
better airflow underneath
secondly it kind of pops the keyboard to
i don't know maybe
one two degrees of lift and for some
people they like that kind of tilt it's
not massive though right you can see
like it's a very
subtle tilt on that keyboard
but yeah it's a it's new for razer's
devices
so the keyboard itself is a very
razer-like keyboard if you've used any
razer laptop in the past couple of years
this is the same type of keyboard
chiclet keys that have
awesome rgb lighting and layout takes a
little bit of time to get used to but i
think most people who use this keyboard
for a little bit of time
will really like it now i am partial
to razer's laptop keyboards i've been
using them for a while so i'm just
really comfortable on them
but i think the responsible thing for me
to say is that if you've never used
a razer blade keyboard before and you've
never used an xps 13 keyboard before
chances are you're gonna like the xps 13
keyboard
faster i think they're both excellent
keyboards but
this one's just i've always found this
one like really easy to get used to just
for everybody this one takes i don't
know 15
20 minutes before you're super
comfortable on it but they're both good
now the razer does have the advantage of
really bright and colorful rgbs if that
matters to you
the trackpad's really good it's got a
glass surface precision drivers and it's
got a
pretty quiet click mechanic it's a good
trackpad
speakers on the left and right these
sound good they're pretty clear but they
don't have a lot of bass they don't
sound like macbook pro speakers
the screen this is a new type of screen
for razer it's got
thin bezels all the way around even the
bottom chin is thin and it comes in
three variants 1080p
1080p touch and 4k touch and all three
of those have a
16 by 10 aspect ratio so a little bit
taller
than your regular kind of gaming laptop
screen
and it gives you a little more vertical
room when it comes to doing anything on
your device
this one is the 4k panel and it's bright
it's good colors
it's a really nice screen the webcam up
top supports windows hello so you can
log into your system with just your
facial biometrics and there's seemingly
four
mics on that top bezel like there's four
little holes which i'm assuming help
with noise cancellation on that mic
all right so the ports on this guy
there's two usbc which support
thunderbolt 4 there's an hdmi there's a
microsd
and thankfully there's still a usb-a i
was convinced that
if they were going to make a smaller
laptop than their stealth that they
would remove it because
everybody else is doing it but they kept
uspa
and i think on a device like this which
is meant for real people doing real work
this is a good thing to keep on the
device
now internally you have your two fans
cooling a vapor chamber you also have
the replaceable or removable nvme it's
all sitting on
nice black pcb which i always find
neater and cleaner than like
red or green pcbs and you also have your
55 watt hour battery this isn't a huge
one
but they claim 14 hours of battery life
you're not gonna get 14. there's no way
my test got eight and a half hours
that's still really good right it's a 4k
screen
system of this caliber it's solid but
it's just not 14 hours
granted this is a kind of like early
pre-production unit so the numbers can
change with retail units but
don't expect 14 hours if that's what you
were hoping for
now the performance on the razer book is
pretty good it's running 11th gen
core i5 or core i7 up to 16 gigs of ram
its main strength though is that iris xe
graphics right
the gpu that's inside these systems is
better than what amd offers in their
ultrabooks right now
this is not a gaming laptop it's not
meant to compete with like
anything that's gaming related it's its
own thing it's a
ultrabook with good build quality good
performance
again this is not like a full like a
retail unit so i can't do
full proper benchmarking on it but
because of the vapor chamber and the two
fans i don't see this thing being a poor
performer for an
intel based ultrabook okay
that basically wraps up this video i'll
probably be doing a full review on this
thing in the relatively near future
but this is the new razer book 13. what
do you think
cool okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs if you
loved it
see you guys next time